Fix outdated links to substrate, polkadot and cumulus repos (#5737)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain/maintain-guides-validator-community.md

#### Upgrading

Both Polkadot and Kusama releases are published.

> [here](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/releases). Validators are expected to upgrade their

Reviewer: The node releases are decoupled from the runtime releases. This page should point to the node releases

```suggestion
[here](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/releases). Validators are expected to upgrade their
```

Author: but the node is still in https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/releases maybe doc should be modified slightly to show that
